Describe conventions used in CRX docs (#2071)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/handbook/extensions/index.md

* The existing page is already wrapped at another offset.
    * Continue wrapping the document at the current offset.
* Rewrapping would introduce significant noise to a code review.
    * Try to limit line wrapping normalization to the text blocks your touch in a PR.

## Header IDs {: #header-ids }

Header IDs are automatically generated based on the content of the header. This means that renaming
a header will also change the header's ID and break existing links to that header.

In order to make our documentation more resilient to change, authors should manually headers IDs.

```md
// Do
### Common use cases {: #use-cases }

// Don't do
### Common use cases
```

Header IDs should be short and meaningful. Try to use descriptive names that unambiguously identify
the content of the section rather than a [kebab cased][kebab-case] version of the header's text
value.

## Link conventions {: #links }

### Footer links

By convention, extensions docs strongly prefer named footer links over inline links. Named links
have a couple of advantages over inline links.

- **Named links are typically shorter.** This makes it much easier to read and

> work with source Markdown file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
work with the source markdown file. 
```

- **Named links are easier to maintain.** Authors can edit one link definition and update all uses
of that link links across a given document. 

```md
// Do
Lorem ipsum dolor [sit amet][mdn-global], consectetur adipiscing elit.
Quisque aliquam rutrum pellentesque. Ut tincidunt purus ex, eget 
congue lacus aliquet quis.

[mdn-global]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Global_object

// Don't do
Lorem ipsum dolor [sit
amet](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Global_object),
consectetur adipiscing elit. Quisque aliquam rutrum pellentesque. Ut
tincidunt purus ex, eget congue lacus aliquet quis.

> ```

Reviewer: Compare widget.

### Internal links {: #internal-links }

> When linking to other resources on `developer.chrome.com`, use the absolute path of the page rather

Reviewer: Is this a handbook for our writers or external extension writers? This is not only contrary to our handbook, we also have a ci test that flags it in PRs.

Author: Commit 39cc94f clarifies the pathing guidance. I think we can resolve this conversation.

than a relative path or full URL.

```md
// Do
[doc-page]: /docs/extensions/page/

// Don't do
[doc-page]: https://develper.chrome.com/docs/extensions/page/
[doc-page]: page/

> ```

Reviewer: Compare widget.

Internal links should include a terminal slash. 

```md
// Do
[doc-page]: /docs/extensions/dir/page/
[doc-page]: /docs/extensions/sub/dir/page/#header

// Don't do
[doc-page]: /docs/extensions/dir/page
[doc-page]: /docs/extensions/sub/dir/page#header

> ```

Reviewer: Compare widget.

## Code formatting {: #code-formatting }

Code samples in extensions documentation should be formatted using the Chromium project's `git cl

> format` command. To use this command, you must have [depot_tools][depot-tools] installed. See [Using clang-format][clang-format] for additional details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
format` command. To use this command, you must first install [depot_tools][depot-tools]. See [Using clang-format][clang-format] for additional details.
```
